Update vector index issues (#700)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/indexes-for-vector-search.adoc

== Known issues

The vector search index is a beta feature.
The below table lists the known issues in its current implementation.

[%header,cols="5a,d"]
|===
| Known issues | Fixed in

| xref:clauses/listing-procedures.adoc[`SHOW PROCEDURES`] does not show the vector index procedures:

* {link-procedures-reference}#procedure_db_create_setVectorProperty[`db.create.setVectorProperty`]
* {link-procedures-reference}#procedure_db_index_vector_createNodeIndex[`db.index.vector.createNodeIndex`]
* {link-procedures-reference}#procedure_db_index_vector_queryNodes[`db.index.vector.queryNodes`]

[NOTE]
====
The procedures are still usable, just not visible.
====
| Neo4j 5.12

| Passing `null` as an argument to some of the procedure parameters can generate a confusing exception.
| Neo4j 5.12

> | The creation of the vector index skipped the check to limit the dimensionality to `2048`.

Reviewer: I guess we could also document 2048 as being the limit for what is *supported* and that it *might* be a hard limit in the future... this list is getting long 😄

Author: I'll think about it

[NOTE]
====

> Vector indexes configured with dimensionality greater than `2048` in Neo4j 5.11 should continue to work after the limitation is applied.

Reviewer 2: "should" sounds a bit uncertain, but maybe that is intentional?
```suggestion
Vector indexes configured with dimensionality greater than `2048` in Neo4j 5.11 will continue to work after the limitation is applied.
```

Author: I chose 'should' as an indication that it is not supported.
We _may_ add more rigorous correctness checks in the future that does prevent these older beta indexes from working.
So I'm not sure it should be `will`, though I am still open to change it

Reviewer: I'm not a big fan of letting old indexes continue working but preventing the creation of new ones because it turns indexes into data in a sense... as in you can't just wipe them and recreate them. That's probably a discussion for later, but I think committing to it here is a bad idea and if anything I think even "should" might promise too much. :)

Reviewer 2: Ok - let's stick with "should" for now 👍

====
|

> d| The validation for xref:indexes-vector-similarity-cosine[cosine similarity] verifies the vector's {l2-norm} can be represented finitely in {ieee-754} *double* precision, rather than _single_ precision.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
d| The validation for xref:indexes-vector-similarity-cosine[cosine similarity] verifies that the vector's {l2-norm} can be represented finitely in {ieee-754} *double* precision, rather than in _single_ precision.
```

> d| The validation for xref:indexes-vector-similarity-cosine[cosine similarity] verifies the vector's {l2-norm} can be represented finitely in {ieee-754} *double* precision, rather than _single_ precision.

Reviewer: **double** is bold and *single* is italic, is that intended?

Author: I believe this was in the original.
It was, different levels of emphasis.

Reviewer: It was, just noticed it since the line had changed

This can lead to certain large component vectors being incorrectly indexed, and return a similarity score of `&plusmn;0.0`.
a| // Neo4j 5.12    pending PR

> | {link-procedures-reference}#procedure_db_index_vector_queryNodes[`db.index.vector.queryNodes`] query vector validation is incorrect with a xref:indexes-vector-similarity-cosine[cosine] vector index. The {l2-norm} validation only considers the last component of the vector. If that component is `&plusmn;0.0`, an otherwise valid query vector will be thrown as invalid. This can also result in some invalid vectors being used to query, and return a similarity scores of `&plusmn;0.0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| {link-procedures-reference}#procedure_db_index_vector_queryNodes[`db.index.vector.queryNodes`] query vector validation is incorrect with a xref:indexes-vector-similarity-cosine[cosine] vector index. The {l2-norm} validation only considers the last component of the vector. If that component is `&plusmn;0.0`, an otherwise valid query vector will be thrown as invalid. This can also result in some invalid vectors being used to query, and return a similarity score of `&plusmn;0.0`.
```

[TIP]
====

> For {l2-norm}alized vectors (unit vectors), thus their length image:l2norm_is_1.svg["The l2-norm of vector v equals 1"], Euclidean and cosine similarity functions produce the same similarity ordering.

Reviewer 2: The "..., thus their length...," part reads awkwardly to me. Could we bracket it, or rephrase it to something like "with length ..."? I think I made a similar suggestion in the first PR, but can't remember what the outcome was. It may be that this is the proper formating, and that I have not come across it before (and need to get used to it).

Author: this was the compromise from before (as I copy/paste it).
Normally it would be common to have a comma between a concept and their mathematical notation `the radius of a circle, r, is the length…`, and if there are multiple listed things, you use comma and semi-colons (as a super-comma).
But that is common in academic writing … which this is not (really).

You guys had issue with the original comma and removed it.
I think perhaps we could go with:

```suggestion
For {l2-norm}alized vectors (unit vectors), thus having unit length image:l2norm_is_1.svg["The l2-norm of vector v equals 1"], Euclidean and cosine similarity functions produce the same similarity ordering.
```

I'd still want the comma, and perhaps a semi-colon; however, I know you guys don't like them :sweat_smile:

Reviewer 2: Your suggestion works 👍

It is _recommended_ to normalize your vectors (if needed), and use a xref:indexes-vector-similarity-euclidean[Euclidean] vector index.
====
a| // Neo4j 5.12    pending PR

| The vector index `createStatement` field from xref:indexes-for-search-performance.adoc#indexes-list-indexes[`SHOW INDEXES`] does not correctly escape single quotes in index names, labels, and property keys.
| Neo4j 5.12

| {link-operations-manual}/backup-restore/copy-database/[Copying a database store] with a vector index does not log the recreation command, and instead logs an error:
----
ERROR: [StoreCopy] Unable to format statement for index 'index-name'
----
Due to an:
----
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Did not recognize index type VECTOR
----

[TIP]
====

> If a store copy is required, please make note of the creation commands from:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a store copy is required, make a note of the information in the `createStatement` column returned from the `SHOW INDEX` command.
For example:
```

[source,cypher]
----
SHOW INDEXES YIELD type, createStatement
WHERE type = 'VECTOR'
RETURN createStatement
----
====
| Neo4j 5.12

> | Some of the protections preventing using new features during database rolling upgrade are missing. This can result in a transaction to create a vector index being created on a cluster member running a Neo4j 5.11 version and being distributed to other cluster members on an older Neo4j version. The older Neo4j versions will fail to understand the transaction, and will panic.

Reviewer 2: Is "will panic" a formal way of describing a particular behaviour? We can keep it in if it is.
```suggestion
| Some of the protections preventing the use of new features during a database rolling upgrade are missing.
This can result in a transaction to create a vector index on a cluster member running Neo4j 5.11 and distributing it to other cluster members running an older Neo4j version.
The older Neo4j versions will fail to understand the transaction.
```

Author: yes, `panic` is the correct term.

> | Some of the protections preventing using new features during database rolling upgrade are missing. This can result in a transaction to create a vector index being created on a cluster member running a Neo4j 5.11 version and being distributed to other cluster members on an older Neo4j version. The older Neo4j versions will fail to understand the transaction, and will panic.

Reviewer: Maybe "preventing *the use of* new features"

[TIP]
====

> Ensure that all cluster members have been updated to use Neo4j 5.11 or newer before calling `dbms.upgrade()` on the `system` database. Once commited, vector indexes can be safely created on the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that all cluster members have been updated to use Neo4j 5.11 (or a newer version) before calling `dbms.upgrade()` on the `system` database. Once committed, vector indexes can be safely created on the cluster.
```
